# RoboEthology-Cogs211

This contains OpenSCAD source files required for creating STL files, or modifying models for the COGS 211 Ethology robots.  The L20_Crown is an alternate sensor mounting aparatus that can be used in place of the standard sensor mount.  This two wheeled, servo driven robot is meant for standard sized, continuous rotation servos, and can be operated using a KIPR controller (designed for the Link footprint), Arduino Uno, or Arduino Mega.  Other controllers may be used, and the OpenSCAD files may be modified in order to produce adapters for said controllers.

STLs are located within the "Final" directory.  The "caster_vF" is in the outer directory, and subdirectories, "Grey", "Orange", and "NinjaFlex" contain STLs for the rest of the robot.  Grey and Orange refer to the color of PLA (alternatively nGen, or any other strong, rigid filament) used to make the first fleet of robots.  NinjaFlex refers to the NinjaFlex type of filament used to print the tires for the Parallax wheels used for the build (the tires add grip for slippery surfaces, allowing bump sensors to be more reliably triggered).  Bumper guards are also printed in NinjaFlex, though these guards may also be made out of car window weather stripping, or similar as per the user's preference.

STLs may not be in the orientation best suited to printing.  Some may be in the orientation expected for that part to be placed in the robot build.  The flattest surface should always face down in the Z-axis, and support material should always be used if there is an overhang in the model.  All models are designed to be printed at 20% infill, which is the lowest recommended infill.  This keeps the robots lighter, making it easier for the servo motors to drive the robots, especially if they are modified with arms, or other appendages for certain projects.
